Alpha v19 release notes (#20)
NeotokyoRebuild/NeotokyoRebuild.github.io: src/blog/2025-09-26/index.md

title: Alpha v19.0 Release Notes - JGR/Juggernaut Gamemode and various fix/changes
summary: Release notes for Neotokyo; Rebuild Alpha v19
author(s): nullsystem

# Alpha v19.0 Release Note - JGR/Juggernaut Gamemode and various fix/changes
2025-09-26 nullsystem

* [Download v19.0-alpha build](https://github.com/NeotokyoRebuild/neo/releases/tag/v19.0-alpha)
* [Install NT;RE (client)](/guide/install/)
* [GitHub Issues (Bug reports and feature requests)](https://github.com/NeotokyoRebuild/neo/issues)

## JGR Gamemode

> Team-based gamemode where you take control of the mech (giant robot) as long as possible per round to win.
> The team(s) without the mech will respawn, with the mech will not respawn.
> 
> At the start of each round, a mech will spawn in and like the ghost will be visible in the HUD, once someone
> is inside the mech, it will not showup in the HUD.
> When you're by the mech, hold use to enter inside then when inside just try to stay alive as long as
> possible inside to rack up points. The mech is equipped with a big machine gun and is much
> larger than a player.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Team-based gamemode where you take control of the Juggernaut (robot) as long as possible per round to win.
The team(s) without the Juggernaut will respawn, with the mech will not respawn.

At the start of each round, the Juggernaut will spawn in and like the ghost will be visible in the HUD, once someone
is controlling the Juggernaut, it will not show up in the HUD.
When you're by the Juggernaut, hold use to take control then when inside try to stay alive for as long as
possible to rack up points. The Juggernaut is equipped with a big machine gun and is much
larger than a player.
```

It's typcially called the Juggernaut or JGR, let's make that distinction here

## Main menu UI changes
* Change NeoUI font from Neuropol and Green Mountain to Montserrat
* Add ability to blacklist servers by IP and server name
* Add ability to add and remove server favorites
* Legacy/fallback gamepad NeoUI navigation, controller settings, and removed legacy UI button
* Secondary keybind in the settings menu
* NeoUI - External popup menus
* Fix disconnected menu prompt
* Named background map options
* Zoom sensitivity ratio in settings
* Show loading screen if unsure what map we're loading into

## General fixes/changes
* Fix no ghost pick up sound when picking up weapon with use key while primary weapon in inventory
* Remove weapons and gibs after some time on maps with respawns enabled
* Zero out ragdoll velocity if ragdoll is settled, refactor ragdoll velocity
* Fix music playing randomly after previous song paused during gameplay
* Remove references to `gamestartup1`, use `snd_victory_volume` for jingle when changing volumes during jingle
* Fix dangling gamerules ghost pointer
* Remove tachi mode switch console message
* Fix muzzle flash appearing when scoped
* Parity SetTeam input for players

> ## Mapping
> * Soundscapes for `nt_terminal_ctg`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Maps
* Added `ntre_terminal_jgr`
```

This was just to accompany the map being added so should probably just say that.
